>> Speaker 2: How many directives, I just
mean for client records out of the box,
how many other directives
are out of the box?
>> Scott Moss: So the question was, how
many other directors are out of the box?
Depends on what you're using and
it depends on what we're talking about.
Are we talking client side or
are talking server side?
Client side, out of the box,
purely graph qL spec.
There are a few directors that I could
think of that definitely come to mind.
There's going to be a,
and this is client side,
there's going to be a skip directive,
there's going to be a include directive.
And these directors take
arguments which allow you to say,
you can basically say, I wanna skip
this field if a certain variable,
and when I'm talking variable,
I'm literally talking variables,
so you have to have variables,
if a certain variable is passed or not.
So I wanna skip this field
if newPet is passed.
Or I wanna include this field if newPet
is not passed, something like that.
So I know skip and include does that.
Those, I know, are in graphql.
You also have things that
are experimental and or
have custom third party support,
like defer.
You have something called Live,
and that's just for client side.
Server side, on a server schema, which
looks very much like this type of schema,
you might have something like deprecated,
which basically will allow you
to deprecate a field to let a developer
know that this field is no longer needed.
You can put a reason there,
you can have something like reason,
and you can put a reason
here why it's deprecated.
And then that will show in graphql tools
or grapql playground to let you know that
this field is deprecated and
you no longer need to use it.
And the reason might be is
because we use birthday instead,
we don't use age anymore.
And that's the type of scenario where
people can get around from having to
version their graphql schema,
you don't have to make a new version.
Some people still do make versions,
like version two, version three.
But if you just do it that way,
you just deprecate fields and
add new fields, you never have to version
your schema, nothing ever changes,
you're still good to go and you're fine.
That's the approach that I take.
As long as you got the resolvers and you
deprecate it, people will stop using it,
and then you can just add more.
Other ones include out of the box.
I can't think of any other ones,
but I mean, one, they're not
too difficult to make yourself,
especially on the server side and two,
there are tons of third
party ones that you can use.
So I'm pretty sure there's a whole library
that just gives you a bag
full of directives.
Where's that?
There you go,
a collection of custom directives.
This one gives you tons of directives
like camelCase, capitalize,
kebabCase, lowerCase, trim,
all this crazy stuff that you can do,
let me show you an example of it.
So, like that.
>> Scott Moss: I think these are mostly
all server site directives, and you can
pass arguments up to them via inputs,
via your queries, and stuff like that.
But yeah, there's tons of them and
people are now starting to really
take advantage of directives.
Before, it was really hard,
you couldn't really do it, but
frameworks like Apollo make it
easy to make the directives now.